This is my name in Chinese and this is my
name written in English.
This is the English names I choose for
myself.
I think they are all my names.
I like them.
They all represent me.
But this,
this is the name of a new year and this
is another name in social media.
It is not really its name.
It's part of it, but not all of it.
And it doesn't mean the same thing.
This day we are constantly influenced by
things in social media,
whether they are true or not.
Maybe people don't really care anymore.
We watch out of curiosity or just for the
entertainment and over time we forget how
things actually happen.
We forget everything.
So does the truth not matter anymore?
What happens when the name is changed?
Is it still the same thing?
If one day your name was redefined,
retold,
or replaced by a completely different
story, would it still be you?
This is a festival, not a label,
not a trend, not something for clicks.
This is the Spring Festival.
It has a history, a family dinner,
Red envelopes,
staying up through the night, fireworks,
memory,
repeated generation after generation.
But now we are starting to call it
something else.
We replace it with words that feel easier,
more vague.
It doesn't seem like a big difference,
but slowly we forget what it really was.
When the culture is renamed it,
it's never just a word that changed.
It is the history behind it, its origin,
and the memory will carry off it.
So if one day even we can't remember its
original name, does it still exist?
So does the true really not matter
anymore?
Or have we just gotten used to not asking?
Maybe the question isn't what others
choose to call it,
but whether we still remember its real
name.